Update docs: fix the note (#6)
mother-of-all-self-hosting/ansible-role-exim-relay: docs/configuring-exim-relay.md

exim_relay_dkim_privkey_contents: "DKIM_PRIVATE_KEY_HERE"
```

> **Note**: DKIM support cannot be activated when it is enabled to relay email through another SMTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> DKIM support cannot be activated when it is enabled to [relay email through another SMTP server](#relaying-email-through-another-smtp-server).
```

I suppose a warning makes sense here, though it could also be a tip, I guess.

Also, linking to the relaying section is probably better.

Maybe you're worried that such linking makes localization harder?

Author: I just noticed I have moved it above without changing the sentence, so I thought it might be better to remove it altogether, but I think yours makes much more sense :+1:
